I implemented a Finance Organizer. In this financial organizer, the user will type in the amount of money they spent with a brief description about it. Next, they will manually categorize their expenses by creating a new category or adding it to an already existing category. Categories can overlap, meaning an expense can be added to multiple categories, if it fits more than one category. This will help them manage their expenses, and what category they have spent the most money. 

When users run the program, they will be presented with a menu where they can choose one of the following actions: add expense, view summary, add category, exit. When they choose the option to add an expense, they will be presented with: expense name, expense amount, and expense category. Users can either select a category that already exists or add a new one. Each time an expense is added, it is saved to the CSV file (comma separated file). The CSV file saves the name of the expense, amount spent, expense category. When users pick the view summary option, the program reads out the CSV file. This helps users view their expenses in an organized way, and see how much they are spending in each category. 
My goal is for users to manage their personal expenses and view it in an organized way.
How long (cumulative) have you spent on the code? I spent a very long time on the code because this is my first experience with coding. Every time I had to deal with a bug, it took a day to get rid of it. This project made me work for almost 3 hours everyday.
• What was the most time consuming part? The most time consuming part was saving expenses to file. I had to learn about CSV files, which means comma seperated values. Learning about it took a long time. However, coding it was not that difficult. I had to seperate the name, category, and amount, as referred to in the name (comma seperated value).
• In retrospect, how could you have worked more efficiently? I tried my best with this project. However, one way I could have worked more efficiently was working more on the ChatGPT implemented code. I could not understand how to get through the bugs in this code and completely restarted my project in the last week it was due, which resulted in more time consuming days.
• What libraries/starter code were most useful? To what extent did you
need to modify them: The CSV file was very useful in writing, reading, and summarizing my values. I did not need to modify it because it interacts directly with the users input. It was very useful for saving their input.
